Memory caching for Ubuntu 22.04 + PHP 7.4 and Updating system requirements (#366)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/caching_configuration.adoc

sudo apt install php-apcu
----

On Ubuntu 22.04 with PHP 7.4 from ondrej/php PPA:

sudo apt install php7.4-apcu

> 

Reviewer: Move this to [the https://github.com/owncloud/docs-server/pull/369/files#](https://github.com/owncloud/docs-server/pull/369/files#diff-cb5c0cea222e6d376fca4445f6c9b351ea8e79ff042e9f8045a5c8f644a892f0R73-R76)

> 

Reviewer: Move this to [the https://github.com/owncloud/docs-server/pull/369/files#](https://github.com/owncloud/docs-server/pull/369/files#diff-cb5c0cea222e6d376fca4445f6c9b351ea8e79ff042e9f8045a5c8f644a892f0R73-R76)

NOTE: The Redis PHP module must be at least version 2.2.6 or higher.

[NOTE]
====
* For Ubuntu 20.04, the default shipped Redis Server version and the php-redis extension is 5.x.
* For Ubuntu 22.04, the default shipped Redis Server version is 6.0.16.

> * For Ubuntu 22.04, the php7.4-redis extension has version is 5.3.x.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For Ubuntu 22.04, the php7.4-redis extension has version 5.3.x.
```

NOTE: The Redis PHP module must be at least version 2.2.6 or higher.

> NOTE: The default shipped Redis version and the php-redis extension for Ubuntu 20.04 is 5.x. The default shipped Redis version for Ubuntu 22.04 is 6.0.16. The php7.4-redis extension from ondrej/php PPA is 5.3.7. With Redis version 6, a new authentication mechanism has been introduced named ACL (Access Control Lists). ownCloud does not currently support Redis ACL´s, but does support the password protection available with current Redis versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
* For Ubuntu 20.04, the default shipped Redis Server version and the php-redis extension is 5.x.
* For Ubuntu 22.04, the default shipped Redis Server version is 6.0.16.
* For Ubuntu 22.04, the php7.4-redis extension has version is 5.3.x.
* With Redis version 6, a new authentication mechanism has been introduced named ACL (Access Control Lists). ownCloud does currently not support Redis ACL´s, but does support the password protection, available with current Redis versions.
====
```
This change improves readbility of the info a lot
